GENERAL INFORMATION
Font Name: "Frontenac"
Author: "Jérémie Dupuis"
Contact: "jeremie.dupuis1@hotmail.com"

DEFINITIONS
"I", "me" or the "author" means the author, Jérémie Dupuis.
"Font" means the font identified above and developed and owned by the author.
"You" or the "client" means the client which downloaded the font.

LICENCE DESCRIPTION
This is the free/personal use licence for the font. By downloading the font, you agree to comply with the terms and conditions of this licence.

TERMS
This licence grants you a limited right to use the font for personal use only upon the terms and conditions set forth in this licence. 
Pursuant to this licence, you may:
- import glyphs from the font as a graphical object into a drawing program and modify said glyphs; and
- include the font in a document (.PDF for example) only for personal use.
You cannot:
- use @font-face, Adobe Flash, Cufón, Typeface.js or any other similar service to display text set in this font on a website;
- use this font on any printed objects that will be sold;
- use this font in any broadcasts, games, programs, movies or any other type of media; or
- distribute, sell or offer for sale any version, modified or not, in part or in whole, of the font, whether for a consideration or not.
Except as expressly set forth in this licence, you do not acquire any right in the font. Except as expressly permitted pursuant to this licence or with the prior written consent of the author, you may not use, copy or reproduce the font in any manner whatsoever.

WARRANTY
The author makes no representations or warranties whether express or implied, with respect to the font and the client acknowledges that the client is purchasing the font at his own risk. The author will not be responsible or liable to the client or its directors, officers, employees or other representatives for any damage or loss which may incurred by the client or its directors, officers, employees or other representatives as a result of, or arising out of, the use of the font by the client or its directors, officers, employees or other representatives, and the client hereby waives, and discharges the author from, any claim or recourse the client may have against the author in connection with the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the author will not be responsible or liable for any bug, unintended effect or any other problem with the font.
Buying the commercial licence is final and you will not be refund for any reason whatsoever.
The maximum aggregate liability of the author under or in connection with this licence will be limited to the aggregate fees paid by the client to the author for the use of the font. 

To obtain a commercial licence or for any question regarding the font or this licence, you may contact me at jeremie.dupuis1@hotmail.com.
If you would like to donate, you can use the donate button on my Dafont pages.


